_content/categories/hair-removal/waxing.mdx, before:

---
title: Waxing
description: This is the description for waxing
slug: waxing
image:
  src: /uploads/services/eyebrow-waxing.webp
  alt: Waxing Services | Rupi Beauty Studio
  attr: Image by Freepik
  size:
    width: 1920
    height: 1046
settings:
  showHeader: true
  showFooter: true
  showCta: false
  showReviews: false
seo:
  title: Rupi Beauty Studio
  description: Rupi Beauty Studio proudly offers
colors:
  backgroundColor: '#FFF1E4'
  color: '#4A5568'
blocks:
  - title: Rupi Beauty Studio Logo
    _template: logo
  - orientation: horizontal
    borderColor: gray.400
    _template: divider
  - image:
      src: /uploads/services/chest-waxing2.webp
      alt: Waxing Services | Rupi Beauty Studio
      size:
        width: 1920
        height: 1280
    _template: sectionCover
  - title: Waxing Services
    _template: sectionTitle
  - options:
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/chin.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/chin_lower-chin.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/eyebrow.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/forehead.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/full-face.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/full-face_lower-chin.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/full-face_neck.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/lip.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/lower-lip.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/neck.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/nose-inside.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/nose-outside.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/sides.mdx
    _template: serviceMenu
---

Commit message:

content adds category descriptions + disclaimers

_content/categories/hair-removal/waxing.mdx, after:

---
title: Waxing
description: Waxing is a great way to remove unwanted hair from the underarm area. It is a quick and easy way to remove hair and can last up to 4 weeks. Waxing is a great alternative to shaving and tweezing. It is a more permanent solution to unwanted hair. Waxing is a great way to remove unwanted hair from the underarm area. It is a quick and easy way to remove hair and can last up to 4 weeks. Waxing is a great alternative to shaving and tweezing. It is a more permanent solution to unwanted hair.
disclaimer:
  - Waxing is not recommended for people who have diabetes, circulatory or skin disorders, or who are taking medications that affect the skin. Waxing is not recommended for people who have diabetes, circulatory or skin disorders, or who are taking medications that affect the skin.
  - If you fall into this category, please feel free to ask us about our other hair removal options.
slug: waxing
image:
  src: /uploads/services/eyebrow-waxing.webp
  alt: Waxing Services | Rupi Beauty Studio
  attr: Image by Freepik
  size:
    width: 1920
    height: 1046
settings:
  showHeader: true
  showFooter: true
  showCta: false
  showReviews: false
seo:
  title: Rupi Beauty Studio
  description: Rupi Beauty Studio proudly offers
colors:
  backgroundColor: '#FFF1E4'
  color: '#4A5568'
blocks:
  - title: Rupi Beauty Studio Logo
    _template: logo
  - orientation: horizontal
    borderColor: gray.400
    _template: divider
  - image:
      src: /uploads/services/chest-waxing2.webp
      alt: Waxing Services | Rupi Beauty Studio
      size:
        width: 1920
        height: 1280
    _template: sectionCover
  - title: Waxing Services
    _template: sectionTitle
  - options:
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/chin.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/chin_lower-chin.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/eyebrow.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/forehead.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/full-face.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/full-face_lower-chin.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/full-face_neck.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/lip.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/lower-lip.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/neck.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/nose-inside.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/nose-outside.mdx
      - option: _content/options/hair-removal/waxing/sides.mdx
    _template: serviceMenu
---
